Improve Controllers guide structure and examples (#8223)
cakephp/docs: docs/en/controllers.md

}
```

:::

The second parameter `$layout` of `Controller::render()` allows you to specify the layout
with which the view is rendered.

#### Rendering a Specific Template

In your controller, you may want to render a different view than the
conventional one. You can do this by calling `Controller::render()` directly.
Once you have called `Controller::render()`, CakePHP will not try to re-render
the view.

This renders **templates/Posts/custom_file.php** instead of
**templates/Posts/my_action.php**. Rendering plugin templates uses the syntax

> `$this->render('PluginName.PluginController/custom_file')` and renders

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`$this->render('Users.UserDetails/custom_file')` and renders
```
if we use an example bellow the code should reflect it

```php
public function beforeFilter(EventInterface $event): void
{

>     if ($this->request->getParam('prefix') === 'Admin') {

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    if ($this->request->getParam('prefix') !== 'Admin') {
```
feels to me more logical
